Qing army
How is that possible?
If he were the Qing army, wouldn't he win against us?
The villain is never Tarzan
Wangqing Army is open
Wangqing Army opened
Acquisition is impossible
Absolutely impossible
War Temple Envoy Dao
Temple of War Envoy
May I ask the Bank God of War to come today by the special envoy
Could it be that the bank god of war has arrived?
Who is the dead man?
Why are you sitting on the high platform?
Of course he
Isn't he the Qing army?
Qing army
Humph
The beast wind hundred generals have not arrived yet
The neon yellow battle formation has not arrived yet
How could the Qing army leave first?
What is he not the Qing army?
No, you're right.
The village official who accompanied Jiuling said that he was the Qing army
North Kowloon
I don't know me, on the order of Emperor Ni
Specially came to offer horses for the Qing army
Could it be that Emperor War God will lie to me?
You better not be complicated.
Otherwise, wait for the 100 generals and the god of war to die
You won't survive